{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf840
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{check\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u10003 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\margb1800\margt1800\vieww20380\viewh15340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The 
\b EXOS-Electrum
\b0  wallet has lots of added security features to keep your 
\b EXOS
\b0  safe. That said, it is not as safe as a wallet that rarely comes near an active internet connection (cold wallet).\
This wallet gives you full control over your EXOS. You are however still responsible for securing and backing up your wallet.\
The EXOS-Electrum wallet offers users a very user-friendly solution for sending and receiving EXOS regularly. \
This wallet uses Simplified validation SPV and random servers from a list. This means little trust in third parties is required when verifying payments. This means no third party can freeze or lose your funds.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Some features for EXOS-Electrum:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Perfect for those who want to use EXOS to make regular payments.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Password protection makes it harder for hackers to get into EXOS-Electrum wallet. The encrypted wallet file that contains your private keys is protected with a password.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Instant on: Users don\'92t need to download the whole blockchain. The EXOS-Electrum wallet gets blockchain information from a server. This means there are no delays and it is always up-to-date.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Private keys are never shared with the server. That means you don\'92t need to trust the server itself!\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
No user information is stored with the server. Users control their own private keys and therefore their own EXOS.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Open source software. Anyone can check the code for glitches, bugs, or security breaches.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Completely free to download.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
EXOS-Electrum calculates the number of fees you will need to include with a transaction.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
EXOS-Electrum can be used as a multi-signature wallet. This increases the security of the wallet a lot.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
EXOS-Electrum wallet uses a seed phrase as a backup measure. This protects you if you lose your private key or the device that EXOS-Electrum is installed on is lost or stolen.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
EXOS-Electrum does not download any script. This means that even if a server is hacked, you won\'92t lose your EXOS.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Since the server code is open source, anyone can run a server. This decentralized model protects users since there is not one point of failure.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The programming language EXOS-Electrum is written in is Python. This is a well-known language, so the code can be reviewed by many community members.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You will be guided through the steps necessary to install this software.\
To get started installing EXOS-Electrum, click 
\b Continue
\b0 .\
}